Okay, so let's go fix order so that it can be lazily loaded. Here at the top
we're gonna say import create lazy file route from 10-stack react router.
That's correct. If you didn't modify make sure that these are all dot dot slash
instead of dot slash because obviously they're an upper directory not in the
same directory anymore. Okay and then what we're going to do here just
underneath this we're gonna say export const route because remember 10-stack
router is expecting it to be on this route named export and we're gonna say
equals create lazy file route. We're gonna tell it where we want it to be we
want it to be at slash order right and we're going to invoke that immediately
afterwards with the component lowercase c sorry this one and we're gonna pass an
order so we're passing in this function as the component there and this doesn't
need to be exported anymore so you can just delete that so it's just function
order you can doesn't matter doesn't matter I don't think it matters but
that's not that's really it to make this a route now it's a full-on route it'll
be rendered in that outlet whenever people are on the order URL that's it
our issue at the moment is that we have no index route right we need an index
route so let's go ahead and make another file here called index dot lazy dot JS
JSX index dot lazy dot JSX actually I want to show you like a really cool
trick that this will do so I'm you can just ignore this for a second if I say
NPM run dev okay it's gonna tell you all stuff that is doing here you'll see that
this route dot gen dot TS got generated never modify this directly because it'll
just get overwritten later right this is generated code this is generated by tan
stack for tan stack just ignore it but I want to show you this like very pleasant
thing that I discovered that tan stack router does for you I'm gonna create a
new file here index dot lazy dot JSX and it stubs it out for you I didn't do
anything it just did that for it but your VT server has to be running for
that to happen so just to text like oh you're making a new route here you go I
thought my computer was haunted for a while but alright so on our home page
here it did all that stuff for us we're gonna import a link as well so links are
just a tags right anchor tags that you use on the page but if you use link then
it'll handle all the routing and like it'll do a client-side redirect as
opposed to like doing like a full-side like browser redirect but it still
manages all the history correctly so it's all good so in other words if
you're using a router like this use the link component don't use a tax what I
want to say okay and then we're just gonna do a we're gonna call this index
function index and we're just gonna return a bunch of markup feel free to
just copy and paste this none of this is very interesting in terms of like
there's nothing new to learn here
div class name equals index dash brand and I'm gonna say h1 Padre Gino's P pizza
and art at a location near you you LLI and then we're gonna say link this is
gonna go to order order and same thing here link to past and this will be past
orders we don't have anything here yet so that won't work but it just won't go
anywhere yeah cool that should work last thing head to header really quick
we're just gonna wrap this one here everyone expects if you click the
header it takes you back to the home page let's just make that really work
really quick so import link and we're gonna wrap the h1 in it that's all link
to equals slash and we'll just move that inside of it okay so let's go see what
carnage we have rot so Padre Gino's read our home page pizza and art a location
near you that sounds like some marketing genius wrote that actually that was the
designer that wrote that so sorry Alex and now if you click on order it should
take us to our order page so kind of cool here refresh the page they're gonna
look at all here for just a second and I'm just gonna trash this for a second
if I click on order notice that it loaded order and order dot JSX pizza dot
JSX card dot JSX after I clicked it if we had not done the lazy loading it
would have just been one file bundle would have loaded all the when you
initially loaded the page but because we're doing lazy loading it's going to
say I'm gonna hold off loading these until the user requests something that
does this which is cool again this is 27 kilobytes of code it's not worth lazy
loading and once we actually minify it and do all that kind of stuff it's gonna
be kilobytes like a few right but imagine if this page had like 3JS on it
right 3JS is a big old bundle right or if you're if you're loading like
Monaco from VS code huge bundle that makes a ton of sense that you would want
to do that so cool no sorry we got a little friend down here on the bottom
left 10 stack router click that again a little nice little view into what we
have so honestly I didn't really use this one too much because our we're not
going to use the router too too much here but imagine if you have a giant app
with a bunch of routing rules and stuff like that this can be helpful to kind
of dig through of like why is this getting routed the way that I it is what
data is being passed around all that kind of stuff so I load it in there just
so you can take a look know that it exists know how easy it is to install
this will only show on like your local host development environment as long as
your nodeMV is equal to production like I told you about before none of this
stuff gets shipped so you don't have to worry about that this will only exist in
dev